Add OpenSearch operator example to data-store.md (#1071)
NVIDIA/nv-ingest: docs/docs/extraction/data-store.md

For more information, refer to [Build a Custom Vector Database Operator](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nv-ingest/blob/main/examples/building_vdb_operator.ipynb).

> Once you have built a data store or will use one provided by a 3rd party, you can create the operator and feed it as input to the vdb_upload function. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have built a data store, or if you intend to use one provided by a 3rd party, you can create the operator.  Provide the operator as input to the vdb_upload function. For example, use the following code:
```
